I'm primarily behind keyboard I've
gotten questions about how to do certain
inputs on keyboard and we talked a
little bit about working butts are hard
to do how to do them and what makes them
hard
first off tiger named moose they're
really easy on a keyboard you just do
them do the motion press up so if you
ever played a Don on a keyboard you're
doing his Jaguar cheese is really hard a
normal half circle motion like what I'm
doing here isn't good enough so the
trick is the actual input requires any
forward Direction exactly down and
exactly back and then kick you when you
normally do a motion on a keyboard you
end up with that where you go from down
forward you down back and even make sure
you hit that down without the forward or
back in the way like that so the reason
why this is is because keyboard buttons
aren't like arcade sticks where they're
really springy when you press it it kind
of sticks for a second you know you
can't really mash it nearly as easily so
it you end up kind of having to slow
down the input a little bit in order to
do it you're not suited from a crouching
you can just go crouching hold forward
release forward press back
like that I preferred hunter from a
standing so doing a 360 on a keyboard
isn't as tricky as you might think the
only problem is is that doing this as
fast as you can use doesn't work it
works there but normally that doesn't
work I find slowing it down a little bit
and it's basically just a half circle
motion and up that works fine for me you
can also do it
forward back down up or any combination
and that wasn't quick enough not usually
doing it that way any combination works
basically you just need to get all four
directions another way to do it is if
you I call this spinning the stick you
just kind of put a finger on each button
and mash as hard as you can and with
that you can do like an empty jump in
just 720 or after a focused attack or
trying to do it as a reversal I find it
easier to do 720's that way are also
just if you want to do a reversal SPD
that's easier than the more deliberate
method super flash kick motions can be
pretty hard to do on a keyboard there
are a few tricks you can do the basic
required input is you charge down back
down forward down back up but what you
can do is you can just pull down back
press forward and press up and it
actually works
you'd also just do it really quickly
which might work better if you're not
sure but that's actually really easy
once you get used to just pressing
forward up do it all day I'll talk
briefly about mash moves they're pretty
hard to do on a keyboard basically they
require five inputs and the last input
determines what strengths you get so
you'd actually press all of your punch
buttons together it and whatever the
last one is the terms of strength so
that's called piano and it's a little
easier to cancel it if you piano it
especially for Blancas since it's not a
big deal with what button you get it
just a little bit of damage with Honda
it really matters and I'm not that good
at that and a touch briefly on ghosting
on most keyboards you cannot do that
hold down the kick button and press all
three punches I have a Microsoft x4 it's
a gaming keyboard and it doesn't do
ghosting at all I can press as many
buttons as I want and it'll recognize
them all but the way normal keyboards
are set up unless you're specifically
made for gaming are they're really
really old
it'll only recognize certain button
presses it simultaneously
I had a keyboard where you can't press
down back and it na at the same time it
just won't recognize it so I would
actually really recommend a gaming
keyboard if you like playing games on
the keyboard it's what they're there for